# The Tavern Bot
The Tavern Bot is a bot that helps running d&d 5e on discord.
It has various features that can make your live while roleplaying easyer.

### Tools
The bot contains various features that make it easyer to play d&d.
Currently we have the following tools:
* Encounter: Generates a random encounter based on the users inputs.The user can input: the size of the party, the average level of the party,the difficulty of the encounter and the environment it takes place in.
* Currency: Recalculates the given currency into the highest possible value. ;currency 500sp will recalculate it into 5pp.
Multiple currencies can be given.

### Lookups
The bot contains lookup features for SRD content, we currently have lookup
commands for the following:
* Spells
* Conditions
* Features
* Languages
* (magic) Schools
* Damagetypes
* Traits
* Monsters
* Equipment

Please note that the above lookup functions only work for SRD content.

### Dice rolling
The bot is capable of rolling dices and ability scores.
For a dice roll for example you can use ;roll 4d6 +7.
Multiple dices and modifiers can be given. <br>
Besides regular dice rolling the bot is also capable of rolling ability scores.
With the command ;rngstat {amount} you can roll ability scores up to your input. <br>
An ability score is generated by rolling a six sided die 4 times and adding the highest 3 values up.

### Generating
The bot is capable of generating the following things:
* Backstorys
* Bonds
* Flaws
* Ideals
* Quests
* Townnames
* Traits

All of the above can be used with 1 command: ;generate it takes 2 parameters, what you want to genarate and how much. <br>
;generate quest 3 will generate 3 random quests.

### Reddit
The bot can connect with reddit and send memes/posts from your favorite subreddits:
* dndiy
* dungeons_and_dragons
* roll20
* unearthedarcana
* dndnext
* dnd
* dndmemes

You can use this command like so: ;reddit {subreddit} the default one is dndmemes. Feel free to suggest any new subreddits and we can add them to the list.

### Special
We have a few extra commands that don't fit into any of the other categories:
* invite - Sends an invite link to the bot.
* status - Sends the bot status.
* basic - Sends a link to the basic rulebook pdf.
* help - Shows all of the commands.
